Specifiy that layouts require an <Outlet> to work (#10147)
remix-run/react-router: docs/start/concepts.md

</PageLayout>
```

> Do not forget to add an `<Outlet>` to your layout where you would like the children to be rendered. Using `{children}` will not work as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<docs-warning>
Don't forget to add an `<Outlet>` to your layout where you would like child route elements to be rendered. Using `children` will not work as expected.
</docs-warning>
```

Making this a warning and some tweaks to the wording.
